"Our rules, our dreams, we're blind..." - Homemade Dynamite by Lorde
"I've been hoping somebody loves you in the ways I couldn't..." - Let Me Go by Hailee Steinfeld
"Bitch, I don't need introduction. Follow my simple instruction" - Instruction by Jax Jones
"It started when I looked in her eyes. I got close and I'm like 'Bailemos'..." - Reggaeton Lento by CNCO
"I got new rules, I count 'em..." - New Rules by Dua Lipa
"I got issues, but you got 'em too..." - Issues by Julia Michaels
"We burned hot, burned out, like a flame. But in my head, you'll never fade..." - Roses by Kelsea Ballerini
"Been waiting for a lifetime for ya. Been breaking for a lifetime for ya..." - For You by Liam Payne & Rita Ora
"You won't see no tears. They all dried up yesterday..." - Used To Love You by Anne-Marine
"Can we get famili-famili-famili-familiar? I'm feelin', I'm feelin', I'm feelin' ya..." - Familiar by Liam Payne & J Balvin
"Isn't it" lovely all alone? Heart made of glass, my mind of stone..." - lovely by Billie Eilish & Khalid
"Right now I'm in a state" of mind. I wanna be in like all the time..." - no tears left to cry by Ariana Grande
"Yo, you wanna meet me at the bar? Yo, you wanna meet me at the lounge?" - Best Friend by Sofi Tukker
"I'm rebel just for kicks and let me it like its 1986..." - Feel It Still by Portugal. The Man
"Tell me, tell "me if you love me or not. I'll bet the house on you, am I lucky or not?" - What Lovers Do by Maroon 5
"Baby, why don't you just meet me in the middle? I'm losing my mind just a little..." - The Middle by Zedd
"She know just what she came to do. She wanna live life Jumanji" - Jumanji by B Young
"I was busy thinking 'bout boys. I was busy dreaming 'bout boys..." - Boys by Charlie XCX
"Appetite for seduction. Fresh out the over. Melt in your mouth kind of lovin'. Bon appetit, baby." - Bon Appetit by Katy Perry
"Said that we're not lovers, we're just strangers..." - Strangers by Halsey
"You just want attention. You don't want my heart..." - Attention by Charlie Puth
"Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that it's Delicate..." - Delicate by Taylor Swift
"Ask me no questions, I will tell you no lies..." - Miracle by CHVRCHES
"You got a fetish for my love. I push you out and you come right back..." - Fetish by Selena Gomez
"'Cause I wanna touch you, baby. I wanna feel you too..." - Dusk Till Dawn by ZAYN
"Suddenly the sun comes up and I feel my love floodin' back again" - Sun Comes Up by Rudimental
"I wanna fu-oo-oo but I'm brokenhearted. Cr-cr-cry but I like to party. T-t-touch but I got nobody..." - Solo by Clean Bandit
"So I'm wonderin' can we still be friends? Doesn't have to end and if it end - can we be friends?" - Friends by Justin Bieber & BloodPop
"Youngblood, say you want me. Say you want me out of your life..." - Youngblood by 5SOS
"You prolly think that you're better now, better now. You only say that 'cause I'm not around, not around..." - Better Now by beerbongs & bentleys
"Now we're dancing on a fine line. Somewhere between a minute and a lifetime..." - Fine Line by Mabel & Not3s
"Don't be afraid to catch feels. Ride drop top and chase thrills..." - Feels by Calvin Harris
"She do the sangria wine, sangria wine. Moving side to side, front to behind. Sangria wine..." - Sangria Wine by Pharrell Williams x Camila Cabello
"I'm tired of staying up all night with you on my mind. Still I'm laying here..." - I Wanna Know by NOTD
"Love me, love me like that. Love me, give me some mad love..." - Mad Love by Sean Paul & David Guetta
"If we could go back, tell me would you even... Would you even still believe in it?" - We Could Go Back by Jonas Blue
"Now I'm sleepwalking so don't wake me up. I got everything just the way I want. Can't you see that I'm gone?" - Sleepwalking by Elderbrook
"Bold, you know she lives for the thrill. You know she lusts for the kill, so they won't come back..." - She Loves Control by Camila Cabello
"Got a bed with your name on it. With your name on it. Got a kiss with your name on it. With your name on it." - Bed by Nicki Minaj
"Oh my, my, my. I die every night with you." - My My My by Troye Sivan
"So baby pull me closer in the backseat of your Rover that I know you can't afford..." - Closer by The Chainsmokers
"I can see you hurting. I've been through the same thing. Baby, don't you worry, I got you..." - I Got You by Bebe Rexha
"You ain't gonna be my lover. For you to call me baby never been about no pressure. It ain't that serious..." - Company by Justin Bieber
"Waiting for the time to pass you by. Hope the winds of change will change your mind..." - Stay by Zeed & Alessia Cara
"You don't gotta go to work, work, work, work, work, work, work. Let my body to the work, work, work..." - Work from Home by Fifth Harmony
"All the stars are still shining. But you're the only one I see. I can feel when your heart beats..." - Freedun by M.I.A.
"What are you willing to do? Oh, tell me what you’re willing to do? Kiss it, kiss it better, baby..." - Kiss It Better by Rihanna
"Oh, we're on the right side of rock bottom and I hope that we keep falling. We're on the good side of bad karma..." - Rock Bottom by Hailee Steinfeld
"It ain't my fault you keep turnin' me on. It ain't my fault you got, got me so gone..." - Ain't My Fault by Zara Larsson
"Keep playing my heartstrings faster and faster. You can be just what I want, my true disaster..." - True Disaster by Tove Lo
"Oh na na, just be careful, na na. Love ain't simple, na na. Promise me no promises." - No Promises by Cheat Codes
"He givin' me that good sh*t that make not quit, that good sh*t. Oh, he give it to me everyday, everyday..." - Everyday by Ariana Grande
"In the silence, when there's no one by your side - would you call in the name of love?" - In the Name of Love by Martin Garrix & Bebe Rexha
"Your heart have me new kind of highs. Your heart got me feelin' so fine. So what to do..." - Still Falling for You by Ellie Goulding
"And if you love me, love me but you never let me go. When the roof was on fine, you never let me know..." - Gold by Kiiara
"I'm only human, can't you see? I made, I made a mistake. Please just look me in my face. Tell me everything's okay..." - Never Be Like You by Flume
"Send my love to your new lover. Threat her better. We've gotta let go of all of your ghosts..." - Send My Love by Adele
"If you don't like the way I talk, then why am I on your mind?" - Blow Your Mind my Dua Lipa
"We're running out of time chasing the lies. Everyday a small piece of you dies..." - Kill Em With Kindness by Selena Gomez
"Maybe we're perfect strangers. Maybe it's not forever. Maybe the night will change us..." - Perfect Strangers by Jonas Blue
"There's just something about ya. Something about ya. It's hard to forget ya. We're stuck here forever..." - Hard to Forget Ya by Britney Spears
"Photograph with no T-shirt on. Why you making me wait so long? I promise to keep this a secret, I'll never tell..." - Touch by Little Mix
"Baby, please have mercy on me. Take it easy on my heart..." - Mercy by Shawn Mendes
"I'm onto you, yeah, you. I'm not your number one. I saw you, with her - kissing and having fun..." - Ciao Adios by Anne-Marie
"Don't leave. Shut your mind off and let your heart breathe..." - Don't Leave by Snakehips & MØ
"So we'll piss off the neighbors. In the place that feels the tears, the place to lose your fears..." - PILLOWTALK by ZAYN
"Hoping for more, and wishing for less. When I didn't care was when I did best." - Free by Broods
"And babe, it's a relief to know - I got you keeping me afloat. When I'm in your waterfall..." - Waterfall by Stargate
"Ooh nah nah eh. Don't act like you know me, like you know me, nah nah eh. I am not your homie..." - You Don't Know Me by Jax Jones
"I'm in love with the shape of you. We push and pull like a magnet do..." - Shape of You by Ed Sheeran
"Baby I swear to you I'm dedicated. Give me your trust and I'll try not to break it." - Best Behavious by Louisa Johnson
"C'mon, tell me that you've still got the flame for me. And tell me that you still want to stay, don't leave..." - Flame by Tinashe
"What if I fall? I won't let you fall. What if I cry? I'll never make you cry. And if I get scared..." - The Fighter by Keith Urban
"It's been a week since you hit my bed. And since then, you've started living in my head, eh." - Breathe by Astrid S
"You were my September song. Summer lasted too long. Times moves so slowly when you're only fifteen..." - September Song by JP Cooper
"You can touch me with slow hands. Speed it up, baby, make me sweat. Dreamland, take me there cause I want your s*x..." - Body Say by Demi Lovato
"Leave this blue neighborhood. Never knew loving could hurt this much. And it drives me wild..." - WILD by Troye Sivan
"Standing in the eye of the storm. Ready to face this, dying to taste this, sick sweet warmth..." - Not Afraid Anymore by Halsey
"Who's gonna walk you through the dark side of the morning?" - It Ain't Me by Kygo & Selena Gomez
"So comfortable, we're living in a bubble, bubble. So comfortable, we cannot see the trouble, trouble..." - Chained To the Rhythm by Katy Perry
"You built me from a broken heart. With bricks you made from broken parts. You've fixed the paint, so we could start..." - Survivors by Selena Gomez
"So baby come light me up, and maybe I'll let you on it. A little bit dangerous, but baby that's how I want it..." - Into You by Ariana Grande
"Everything is grey - his hair, his smoke, his dreams. And now he's so devoid of color he don't know what it means..." - Colors by Halsey
"And I got way too many feels, way too much emotion. I don't even know what's real..." - Feels by Kiiara
"Every time that I swear it's over it makes you want me even more. You pull away and I come in closer..." - Hurts So Good by Astrid S
"Hello. It's me." - Hello by Adele
"I was so much younger yesterday" - Starving by Hailee Steinfeld & Grey
"I will be your home, keep you warm when it's cold. I will try to be what you need when you're low..." - Recovery by Broods
"Don't say a word while we dance with the devil. You brought a fire to a world so cold." - Ocean Drive by Duke Dumont
"'Cause we all get lost sometimes, you know?. It's how we learn and how we grow." - Cold Water by Major Lazer
"I won't just survive. Oh, you will see me thrive." - Rise by Katy Perry
"Reasons why you ran don't make you a good man." - For You by Demi Lovato
"And maybe I'll just take a chainsaw to the sofa. Where I held your body close for so long, so long..." - Chainsaw by Nick Jonas
"I made a top 10 list of all the things I missed. Your lying eyes and lips, they didn't make it..." - Breathe In. Breathe Out. by Hilary Duff
"Cause I don't even feel it. Bodies growing colder with the distance now..." - This Time Around by Tove Lo
"When you left me down, I got stronger. If you wonder 'bout the lightning - I'm on the horizon..." - Thunder by Leona Lewis
"So welcome to the show. Bring on all the lights. Let it shine on you..." - Welcome to the Show by Adam Lambert
"If I lay in pain, by my side would you stay? If I need you now, would you kindly calm me down?" - Kindly Calm Me Down by Meghan Trainor
"You're just another brick and I'm a sledgehammer." - Sledgehammer by Rihanna
"Everyone comes with scars. But you can love them away. I told you that I wasn't perfect..." - No Way by Fifth Harmony
"I'll stop time for you the second you say you'd like me to. I just wanna give you the loving that you're missing..." - Treat You Better by Shawn Mendes
"I just heard you found the one you've been looking. I wish I would have known that wasn't me..." - We Don't Walk Anymore by Charlie Puth
"It's getting louder and louder every time I think about you, about you. I'll be better off without you, without you..." - Beating Me Up by Rachel Platten
"Enough, enough of this suffering. Hurry up, come see me. Put me outta of my misery..." - Misery by Gwen Stefani
"Every now and then I get a little lonely. I can hold myself, but no, it's not the same thing..." - Touch by Pia Mia
"Darling, hold my hand. Oh, won't you hold my hand? Cause I don't wanna walk on my own anymore." - Hold My Hand by Jess Glynne
"Cause I’ve had my heart broken before. And I promised I would never let me hurt anymore..." - I'm Yours by Alessia Cara
"Last night I lay in bed so blue 'cause I realised the truth - they can't love me like you." - Love Me Like You by Little Mix
"I know what you did last summer. Just lied to me, 'There's no other'..." - I Know What You Did Last Summer by Shawn Mendes
"They will never touch you, babe... like I touched you, babe.." - Superlove by Tinashe
"And I know that I can't understand what you hold in your hands for me... Dear life." - Dear Life by Delta Goodrem
"Somebody somewhere driving in their car is crying out. Forever running from the truth, sometimes all we have is doubt..." - The Greatest by Ellie Goulding
"And people like to laugh at you cause they are all the same." - Just Like Fire by P!nk
"‘Cause once upon a time you were my everything. It's clear to see that time hasn't changed a thing..." - Never Forget You by Zara Larsson & MNEK
"He, won't touch you like I do. He, won't love you like I would. He don't know your body..." - LIKE I WOULD by ZAYN
"Jenny slipped something in his Tennessee whiskey no law man was ever gonna find. And how he died is still a mystery..." - Church Bells by Carrie Underwood
"Most nights I pray for you to come home. Praying to the lord. Praying for my soul." - Please Don't Go by Joel Adams
"Is it too late now to say sorry? Cause I'm missing more than just your body..." - Sorry by Justin Bieber
"Now my heart awakes to the sound of silence and it beats to the sound of silence..." - Sound of Silence by Dami Im
"Now you say you want it back. Now that it's just too late. Well, could've been easy..." - All You Had To Do Was Stay by Taylor Swift
"That's when I run all of these thousand miles to get you back. Coming for you babe, I'm coming now..." - Thousand Miles by Tove Lo
"I just wanna look good for you, good for you. Let me show you how proud I am to be yours..." - Good For You by Selena Gomez
"Secretly, hit the lottery, 'cause you're brighter than all of the Northern Lights..." - Double Rainbow by Katy Perry
"You're the light, you're the night. You're the colour of my blood. You're the cure, you're the pain..." - Love Me Like You Do by Ellie Goulding
"I sold my soul to a three-piece and he told me I was holy. He’s got me down on both knees but it’s the devil that's tryna..." - Hold Me Down by Halsey
"Hurting, hearts go wild. Bruised up, broken down. Praised you many times, one big lie." - Stay In Love by Hillary Duff
"You are so special I can see in your eyes. Something got me, is the color of the skies. Just take my hand, don't tell me lies..." - Zaynah by Kate Linn
"I'm loving the pain. I never wanna live without it. So why do I try? You drive me insane..." - Why Try by Ariana Grande
"Show me if you want me, if I'm all that. I will be there, I will be your friend..." - All That by Carly Rae Jepsen
"When you're young you just run, but you come back to what you need." - This Love by Taylor Swift
"I wanna hear your heart. Make me yours tonight. It's love I feel all over me..." - Make Me Yours Tonight by Mustafa Ceceli & Lara Fabian
"You'll find the truth here in my arms. So can you tell me why do we care about the rumors, baby?" - Rumors by Adam Lambert
"Where are you now that I need ya? Couldn't find you anywhere. When you broke down I didn't leave ya, I was by your side." - Where Are Ü Now by Jack Ü
"Gotta slow up, gotta shake this high. Gotta take a minute just to ease my mind. 'Cause if I don't walk, then I get caught out..." - Walk by Kwabs
"And all those things I didn't say. Wrecking balls inside my brain. I will scream them loud tonight..." - Fight Song by Rachel Platten
"And I wanna get older. All the things I want, I really shouldn't get. If I triumph, are you watching?" - Foundation by Years & Years
"Don't tell your mother. Kiss one another. Die for each other. We're cool for the summer" - Cool For The Summer by Demi Lovato
"Bop bop, close the shop. Big night on the rocks. Bop bop, bop, b-bop. Bop bop, bop, b-bop." - Bop Bop by INNA
"Got a long list of ex-lovers. They'll tell you I'm insane. But I've got a blank space, baby. And I'll write your name" - Blank Space by Taylor Swift
"Turn the lights down low and kiss me in the dark. 'Cause when you're touching me, baby, I see sparks..." - Sparks by Hilary Duff
"This right here is my type of party. 5 more hours, we're just getting started" - Five More Hours by Deorro & Chirs Brown
"Fresh from Monaco, performin' for Microsoft. Miami to L.A., G4, we takin' off. I'm a hard worker, I'm far from the boss." - Fun by Pitbull
"If you could take my pulse right now it would feel just like a sledgehammer. If you could feel my heart beat now..." - Sledgehammer by Fifth Harmony
"We live where the war is raging. Chasing our crazy dreams. Hoping that the bridge won't cave in. Tonight we'll let it all go free" - Light It Up by Major Lazer
"I wanna wanna wanna taste your love. Get drunk with your kiss, give up on words. Breathin' in breathin' out I'm losing air..." - Vita Bella by Havana
"Es que yo sin ti, y tú sin mi. Dime quién puede ser feliz. Esto no me gusta" - El Perdón by Nicky Jam
"If you're looking for Mr. Right. Need that magic to change him over night. Here's the answer, come and get it..." - Black Magic by Little Mix
"Ain't nothing fake on you. You so so real. Tried playing cool but can't help how I feel..." - Back It Up by Prince Royce
"What do we want? We wanna dance till we can no more. We wanna love with the lights down low..." - We Wanna by Alexandra Stan & INNA
"It was nice to, nice to know ya, let's do it again. How we did it in a one night stand. Boy, I wanna be more than a friend to ya..." - Do It Again by Pia Mia
"B*tch better have my money. Please don't call me on my bluff. Pay me what you owe me." - B*tch Better Have My Money by Rihanna.
"She told me, "don't worry about it". She told me, "don't worry no more". We both know we can't go without it..." - Can't Feel My Face by The Weeknd
"Now if we're talking body. You got a perfect one, so put it on me..." - Talking Body by Tove Lo
"I think I'm into you. How much do you want it too? What are you prepared to do? I think I'm gonna make it worse..." - Real by Years & Years
"You want a perfect picture to believe in? Then you can't be looking for me..." - You Don't Know Me by Ariana Grande